the Navy has what's called the exceptional family member program, E f
M. And if your family, if a member of your family contracts some sort
of problem that is considered high risk, they won't let you go to
certain duty stations. And if it occurs while added duty station, they'll
do an assessment. And either, I mean, one thing that could happen
is the They could make the family move while the member stays in
place. Um, and there might be a possibility of the entire family moving
if it's a mid tour. But that's unlikely. They'd be more likely
to just have, say, the members family move, um, and the members stay
in place and finish the tour.